Update privacy-portal.md with synonyms example (#5362)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/privacy/portal.md

{% include components/reference-button.html href="/segment-app/iam/roles/#pii-access" icon="media/academy.svg" title="PII Access" description="Use Access Roles to control who has access to the PII identified by your matchers." variant="related" %}

### Using Synonyms

> The matchers scan data coming from your Sources for PII based on both
> exact-matching (and fuzzy-matching if you select 'Similar to' option).
> As an example, if you have a custom matcher for detecting "credit card
> number", it will also detect variations like "credit-card number", or
> typos such as "creditt card number".

Reviewer: Hi @muhammadatifjav - given that we discuss matching in detail in the section immediately before this, I think we can remove this section. 
```suggestion
```

> Our fuzzy matching uses [this public GitHub repository](https://github.com/imjasonmiller/godice)
> to determine if it is a match.  However, it will not detect all variations
> and for those scenarios, you can use synonyms. You can add "credit card no",
> "debit card number", or similar variations in the synonyms section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment's exact matching and fuzzy matching do not detect all variations in the received keys
and for those scenarios, you can use synonyms.  For example, for the value `credit card number`, you can add "credit card no",
"debit card number", or similar variations in the synonyms section to classify those fields. 
```
